c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\SelfHostedQuestionBot.exe.config
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\SelfHostedQuestionBot.exe
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\SelfHostedQuestionBot.pdb
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.FileSystems.dll
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.StaticFiles.dll
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.FileSystems.xml
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.StaticFiles.xml
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\obj\Debug\SelfHostedQuestionBot.exe
c:\users\d\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\obj\Debug\SelfHostedQuestionBot.pdb
C:\Users\D\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SelfHostedQuestionBot\SelfHostedQuestionBot\obj\Debug\SelfHostedQuestionBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
